{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1345\cocoasubrtf380
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green43\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Whotype \
\
- get the hight quality logo\
- Make login and register \
- make it a static picture instead of slider - find perfect picture \
	- send greg pictures for review\
\
section 1 - Start with yourself. \
say what the app is - design an image \
\'93You and your close group of friends, family, and colleagues \
- Address the 10,000 foo view of what it is \
- \'93social analysis for relationships whether for your friends, family, and colleagues - be in conscious awareness of your environment\'94\
\
The future is headed towards truth. What is truth? Your WhoType is an analysis of what makes you who you are and what your motivations are. WhoType helps people understand their own motivations and those of their closest relationships. \
To understand other people, you need to first understand yourself and what your true motivators are. Then harmonize yourself with your world. \
\
\'93It starts with you\'94 Who are you and why do you do what you do?\
Who are we? the first app for self-exploration. - - - - this is who we are, do you know who you are?\
\
Section 2 - understanding the people you care about family, love, friends, and colleagues \

\b Patterns of Behavior -
\b0  this is an awakening\
\
\
\
Color and design : \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 grey: rgb(190, 186, 186)\
take out gradient on backgrounds \
make login and register buttons the same \
}